OSDOCS-11169: making CSI optional for microshift (#80823)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-uninstalling-lvms-csi-snapshot.adoc

Reviewer: The configuration update is a mandatory step with uninstallation.

Reviewer: Ditto modules/microshift-uninstalling-lvms-csi-driver.adoc comment

Author: resolving this comment as per discussion with Jon. Note is added in disabling and that should suffice.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_storage/microshift-storage-plugin-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-uninstalling-lvms-csi-snapshot_{context}"]
= Uninstalling the CSI snapshot implementation

To uninstall the installed CSI snapshot implementation, use the following procedure.

.Prerequisites

* {microshift-short} is installed and running.

> * You have deployed the CSI snapshot implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The CSI snapshot implementation has been deployed on the MicroShift cluster.
```
Since it's deployed when there is no user input, it may be confusing to suggest the users performed the action.

Author: chnaged to "The CSI snapshot implementation is deployed on the MicroShift cluster"

.Procedure

. Uninstall the CSI snapshot implementation by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc delete -n kube-system deployment.apps/csi-snapshot-controller deployment.apps/csi-snapshot-webhook

Author: @dhensel-rh should the command should be "oc delete -n kube-system deployment.apps/snapshot-controller deployment.apps/snapshot-webhook"

Author: done.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_storage/microshift-storage-plugin-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="microshift-uninstalling-lvms-csi-snapshot_{context}"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="microshift-disable-lvms-snapshot_{context}"]
```

Author: same comment as above regarding disable.

Author: retaining uninstalling as per discussion

> == Uninstalling the CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation

Reviewer 2: hey, I just wanted to check - in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80823 I would rather use "disable" than "make optional" - as by default it is installed (or should be by default) - so the naming should be
Making LVMS and CSI volume snapshot deployment optional -> Disable LVMS and CSI volume snapshot deployment

(comment from @vwalek)

Author: now the heading is "LVMS CSI provider and CSI snapshot deployments". I can change it to "Disable LVMS CSI provider and CSI snapshot deployments" to include suggestion

Author: resolving as per discussion on the heading

> == Uninstalling the CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Disable LVMS volume snapshots
```
These aren't two things, it is one thing. The logical volume manager is the container storage interface.

Author: CSI driver and CSI snapshot are not the same. CSI provider or driver provides the interface to the storage system. CSI snapshot is a feature that allows managing snapshots of volumes. Both are implementations.

can be changed as "Disabling" CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation"
disable is avoided based on the comment https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80823#discussion_r1740498227

Reviewer: +1 this is correct. They are separate components with separate cluster workloads. If customers do not require snapshots, it can be disabled independent of the CSI driver.

Author: sentence is changed and updated as per discussion

> To uninstall the installed CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation, use the following procedure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disable LVMS snapshot implementation by deleting the volume group manager and removing LVMS components.
```
Or something like that--whatever is happening in quick summary.

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80823#discussion_r1745334831 same comment for not using disable and retaining "CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation" through the docs

Author: sentence is retained and changes are made. uninstall will be used.

.Procedure

> . To uninstall the CSI driver implementation, run all the following commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: there were 2 parts :
a. uninstall the CSI driver implementation
b. uninstall the CSI snapshot implementation.

a. has 3 substeps. I have to give one command per code block so had to follow substeps.

Author: resolving as per discussion

> * To delete the `vg-manager`, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Delete the `vg-manager` by running the following command:
```
etc; these should be numbered individually and omit "to"; active voice only

Author: removed "To".
I made this as a bulleted list as this numbering is not working as expected and there is no specific order in executing these commands.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc delete -n openshift-storage daemonset.apps/vm-manager

Author: @copejon is it "vg manager" or "vm manager"? line 14 and 18 have difference.

Reviewer: `vg-manager` is the correct version

Author: done

----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
daemonset.apps "vg-manager" deleted
----

> * To delete the `lvms-operator`, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Delete the `lvms-operator` by running the following command:
```
Hmm, are we using the whole operator?

Author: Done.
yes that is the command.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete -n openshift-storage deployment.apps/lvms-operator
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
deployment.apps "lvms-operator" deleted
----

> * To delete the `topolvm-provisioner`, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Delete the `topolvm-provisioner` by running the following command:
```

Author: done

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete storageclasses.storage.k8s.io/topolvm-provisioner
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
storageclass.storage.k8s.io "topolvm-provisioner" deleted
----

> . To uninstall the CSI snapshot implementation, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Disable the CSI snapshot controller by running the following command:
```

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80823#discussion_r1745334831 same comment for not using disable and retaining "CSI driver and CSI snapshot implementation" through the docs

Author: retaining "uninstall" as per discussion
